Re-arranging the documentation (#148)
nephio-project/docs: content/en/docs/guides/install-guides/install-on-single-vm.md

The last step is required for defining cluster, machine and kubeadmin templates for controller and worker docker
machines. These templates define the kubelet args, etcd and coreDNS configuration and image repository as other things.

```bash
kpt pkg get --for-deployment https://github.com/nephio-project/catalog.git/infra/capi/cluster-capi-kind-docker-templates@v2.0.0
kpt fn render cluster-capi-kind-docker-templates
kpt live init cluster-capi-kind-docker-templates
kpt live apply cluster-capi-kind-docker-templates --reconcile-timeout 15m --output=table
```

## Installing Packages

> Management or workload cluster both need config-sync, root-sync and a cluster git repository to manage packages. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The management or workload cluster both need config-sync, root-sync and a cluster git repository to manage packages. 
```

### Install Config-sync

Install config-sync using:

```bash
kpt pkg get --for-deployment https://github.com/nephio-project/catalog.git/nephio/core/configsync@main
kpt fn render configsync
kpt live init configsync
kpt live apply configsync --reconcile-timeout=15m --output=table
```

### Create Git Repository

> If you are using Gitea then you can use the following steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Gitea then you can use the following steps:
```

```bash
kpt pkg get --for-deployment https://github.com/nephio-project/catalog.git/distros/sandbox/repository@main <cluster-name>
kpt fn render <cluster-name>
kpt live init <cluster-name>
kpt live apply <cluster-name> --reconcile-timeout=15m --output=table
```

**Note**: 

* For management cluster you have to name the repository as `mgmt`.

> * In the `repository` package by default Gitea address is `172.18.0.200:3000` in `repository/set-values.yaml` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the `repository` package the default Gitea address is `172.18.0.200:3000`. In `repository/set-values.yaml` 
```

> change this to your Gitea address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
change this to your Gitea address.
```

> * `repository/token-configsync.yaml` and `repository/token-porch.yaml` are responsible for creating secrets with the help of Nephio token controller for accessing git instance for root-sync. You would need the name of config-sync token to provide it to root-sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `repository/token-configsync.yaml` and `repository/token-porch.yaml` are responsible for creating secrets with the help of the Nephio token controller for accessing the git instance for root-sync. You would need the name of the config-sync token to provide it to root-sync.
```

### Install Root-sync

Get the Root-sync kpt package and edit it:

```bash
kpt pkg get https://github.com/nephio-project/catalog.git/nephio/optional/rootsync@main
```

> Change `./rootsync/rootsync.yaml` and point `spec.git.repo` to the edge git repository and the  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change `./rootsync/rootsync.yaml` and point `spec.git.repo` to the edge git repository:
```

```yaml
 spec:
   sourceFormat: unstructured
   git:
    repo: http://<GIT_URL>/nephio/mgmt.git
    branch: main
    auth: token
    secretRef:
      name: mgmt-access-token-configsync
```

> If need credentials to access repository your repository then 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If need credentials to access your repository then 
```

> copy the token name from previous section and provide it in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
copy the token name from the previous section and provide it in
```

> `./rootsync/rootsync.yaml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`./rootsync/rootsync.yaml`:
```

```yaml
spec:
  sourceFormat: unstructured
  git:
    repo: <http url of your edge repo>
    branch: main
    auth: token
    secretRef:
      name: <TOKEN-NAME>
```

> Deploy the modified root-sync

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy the modified root-sync:
```

```bash
kpt live init rootsync
kpt live apply rootsync --reconcile-timeout=15m --output=table
```

If the output of `kubectl get rootsyncs.configsync.gke.io -A` 

> is similar as below then root-sync is properly configured. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is similar to the following then root-sync is properly configured. 
```
